Engine
Engine is an open-source, backend server that reads, writes, and deploys contracts at production scale.

Why use Engine?
Engine enables your app to:

Send multiple blockchain transactions at once.
Resubmit stuck transactions, handling nonce values, gas settings, and RPC errors.
Avoid duplicate transactions.
Manage multiple backend wallets and their funds.
Control access from your backends and team members.
Sponsor user gas fees.
Deploy and interact with smart accounts.
Subscribe to contract events and transactions.
🚀 Get Engine hosted by thirdweb or self-host for free.

Engine overview
Engine
Engine is open-source. View and contribute to its source code on GitHub.

View on GitHub
Standard Engine
Supports 500 write transactions per second. Great for minting APIs, airdrops, and managing user wallets.

Features
High transaction throughput - Transactions batched on the same block with nonces managed automatically.
Secure backend wallets - Your backend wallets stored locally, on AWS KMS, or on Google KMS.
Any contract on any EVM chain - Supports contract calls on all 1700+ EVM blockchains and private subnets.
Contract deployments - Deploy smart accounts, tokens, NFTs, marketplaces, and more.
Account abstraction - Use smart accounts and session keys to transact on behalf of your users.
Built-in relayer - Sponsor gas for your users so reduce user friction.
Event webhooks - Get notified of wallet and contract events to automate other actions like payments or emails.
Contract subscriptions - Store event logs and transaction receipts to be queried later.
Transaction observability - Debug transaction failures with detailed timelines, onchain errors, and gas details.
Idempotency - Prevent costly, duplicate transactions.
Production-ready web3 infrastructure - Includes RPC, IPFS, and Account Abstraction out of the box.
Premium Engine
Engine Premium provides added scaling and resilience. It include server autoscaling, server failover, database failover, and 30-day database backups.

Features
Everything in Standard Engine
Autoscaling - Scale to millions of users with a fleet of Engine instances that scale up along with your traffic.
Production-grade Server - High availability and redundancy.
Production-grade Database - High availability, Multi-AZ.
Database backups - Recoverability and peace of mind for your stored data (30-day database backups).
Pricing
Cloud-hosting Engine with thirdweb starts at $99 per month. Learn more about Engine pricing.

Self-hosting Engine is always free.